Update dependencies (#1272)
Esri/arcgis-rest-js: RELEASE.md

# Release system

## December 2025/January 2026 Updates

In Late 2025 ArcGIS REST JS now uses [changesets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) to manage releases. This happens automatically using the default [changeset action](https://github.com/changesets/action) in the [release workflow](./.github/workflows/release.yml). When changes are merge to `main` changesets will automatically creates a PR that when merged will trigges a new release of all packages.

> As a part of these changes all versions of ArcGIS REST JS packages are how synced to the highest minor version accross all packages. All packages will now maintain the same version number for ease of reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a part of these changes, all versions of ArcGIS REST JS packages are now synced to the highest minor version across all packages. All packages will now maintain the same version number for ease of reference.
```

> As a part of these changes all versions of ArcGIS REST JS packages are how synced to the highest minor version accross all packages. All packages will now maintain the same version number for ease of reference.

Reviewer: Is it the case that "all packages will now maintain the same version number"? Isn't that dependent on the changeset keyword used (`patch` or `minor`)?

Author: Yes but they will all be bumped to the same version (patch/minor/major) together. Keeping everything on the same version will make things like the support lifecycles easier
